= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures ElasticSearch.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

For RedHat / CEntOS only

==Cookbooks:

Requires Opscode's java cookbooks.  

= ATTRIBUTES:

It's a good idea to change the cluster_name attribute to something 
meaningful, like "production".

Production deployments should also increase the heap_size and fd_ulimit 
attributes.

= USAGE:

Directory defaults:

default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:home]    = "/usr/lib/elasticsearch" 
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:conf]    = "/etc/elasticsearch"
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:lib]     = "/var/lib/elasticsearch"
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:logs]    = "/var/log/elasticsearch"
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:run]     = "/var/run/elasticsearch"
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:data]    = "/var/lib/elasticsearch/data"
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:work]    = "/var/lib/elasticsearch/work"
default[:elasticsearch][:dir][:gateway] = "/var/lib/elasticsearch/gateway"

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Grant Rodgers (<grant@gotime.com>)
         Modified for by Harlan Barnes (<hbarnes@pobox.com>)

Copyright:: 2010, GoTime Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

